
To help you stay motivated so you can reach that finish line and achieve your goals—whether they're big or small—these
100 inspiring quotes about not giving up can help.
100 Quotes About Never Giving Up
1. "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." —William James
2. "Work like there is someone working 24 hours a day to take it away from you." —Mark Cuban
3. "It is when we are most lost that we sometimes find our truest friends." —Brothers Grimm
4. “Life isn’t finding shelter in the storm. It’s about learning to dance in the rain.” ―Sherrilyn Kenyon
5. "When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." —Carol Burnett
6. “Everything that’s broken was beautiful at one time. And our mistakes make us better people.” —Jamie Hoang
7. "We all can dance when we find music that we love." —Giles Andreae
8. "I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." —Jimmy Dean
9. “Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn’t mean they’re lost forever.” –Professor X
10. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." —Theodore Roosevelt
11. "No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel. —Demi Lovato
12. "It is never too late to be wise." –Daniel Defoe
13. “Nurture your mind with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes." —Benjamin Disraeli
14. "I think I can. I think I can. I think I can. I know I can." —Watty Piper, The Little Engine That Could
15. "It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome."
—William James
16. "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." —Albert Einstein
17. “To find something, anything, a great truth or a lost pair of glasses, you must first believe there will be some advantage
in finding it.” –Jack Burden, All The King’s Men
18. "Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." —Vince Lombardi
19. “There should be no boundaries to human endeavor. We are all different. However bad life may seem, there is always
something you can do, and succeed at. While there’s life, there is hope.” —Stephen Hawking, The Theory of Everything
20. "I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul." —William Ernest Henley
Related: Get Inspired with These 150 Goals Quotes that Will Help You Turn Your Dreams Into Reality
21. "Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go
wrong." —Ella Fitzgerald
22. "Nothing is impossible. The word itself says: 'I'm possible!'" —Audrey Hepburn
23. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." —Audrey Hepburn
24. "Out of difficulties grow miracles." —Jean de la Bruyere
25. "Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better." —Samuel Beckett
26. "You must do the things you think you cannot do." —Eleanor Roosevelt
27. "You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." —A. A. Milne
28. “We can’t retract the decisions we’ve made. We can only affect the decisions we’re going to make from here.” —Nick
Rice
29. “When a defining moment comes along, you can do one of two things. Define the moment, or let the moment define
you.” —Roy McAvoy
30. "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." —Milton Berle
31. "I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars." —Og
Mandino
32. "Instead of letting your hardships and failures discourage or exhaust you, let them inspire you." —Michelle Obama
33. “It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” ―Confucius
34. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." —C.S. Lewis
35. "Failure is success in progress." —Albert Einstein
Related: Every Day We Hustlin'—155 Inspiring Hustle Quotes That'll Help You Stay Motivated
36. "If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way." —Martin Luther King Jr.
37. "With the right kind of coaching and determination you can accomplish anything." —Reese Witherspoon
38. "It always seems impossible until it's done." —Nelson Mandela
39. "Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." —Bill Bradley
40. "Happiness and influence and that which you seek to make your life complete." —Louis Howard
41. "By perseverance the snail reached the ark." —Charles Spurgeon
42. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." —Winston Churchill
43. "Whether you think you can or think you can't you're right." —Henry Ford
44. “Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” ―Conrad Hilton
45. "Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it." – Mia
Hamm
46. "Giving up is for rookies." —Philoctetes
47. "Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye." —Helen Keller
48. “Part of being a champ is acting like a champ. You have to learn how to win and not run away when you lose.” –
Nancy Kerrigan
49. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." —Zig Ziglar
50. "Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." —Harriet Beecher Stowe
51. “In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun and—snap!—the job’s a game!” –Mary
Poppins
52. "If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds." —Jesse Jackson
53. “Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.” ―James A. Michener
54. “Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.” —Andy Dufresne, Shawshank
Redemption
55. "Survival can be summed up in three words—never give up. That’s the heart of it really. Just keep trying." —Bear
Grylls
56. “It always seems impossible until it’s done.” ―Nelson Mandela
57. "I know from experience that you should never give up on yourself or others, no matter what." —George Foreman
58. “There is no failure except in no longer trying.” ―Elbert Hubbard
59. "You just never give up. You do a task to the best of your abilities and beyond." —Debbie Reynolds
60. "Be where your feet are." —Anonymous
Related: Dealing With Burnout? Here are 30 of the Most Inspiring Quotes to Keep You Motivated
61. “You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally can’t, you do the next best thing. You back up but
you don’t give up.” ―Chuck Yeager
62. “Don’t be discouraged. It’s often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.” –Unknown
63. "The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don’t give up." —Robert Tew
64. "If you’re going through hell, keep going." —Winston Churchill
65. "When you feel like quitting think about why you started." —Anonymous
66. "Your victory is right around the corner. Never give up.– Nicki Minaj
67. "I have not failed, I have just found 10,000 ways that won’t work." —Thomas Edison
68. “Stick around. Don’t lose your heart, just keep going, keep at it.” —Mark Ruffalo
69. "Stop being afraid of what can go wrong and start being positive about what can go right." —Unknown
70. "It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up." —Babe Ruth
71. “Either do not begin or, having begun, do not give up.” —Chinese Proverb
72. “It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer.” —Albert Einstein
73. “Winners never quit, and quitters never win.” —Vince Lombardi
74. “Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal. My strength lies solely on my —Louis Pasteur
75. “Just because you fail once doesn’t mean you’re gonna fail at everything.” —Marilyn Monroe
76. “I refuse to quit because I haven’t tried all possible ways yet.” —Unknown
77. “Fall seven times, stand up eight.” —Japanese Proverb
78. “The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” —Confucius
79. “Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.” —William Feather
80. “God helps those who persevere.” —The Koran
81. “Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you
are doing or learning to do.” —Pele
82. “Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”—Marilyn vos Savant
83. “Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.”—Earl
Nightingale
84. “It takes a dream to get started, desire to keep going, and determination to finish.” —Eddie Harris, Jr.
85. “Be as you wish to seem.”—Socrates
86. “Never give up your desire to be what you want to be. Stay focused, persistent and relentless.” ―Debasish Mridha
MD
87. “How long should you try? Until.” ―Jim Rohn
88. "If you run, you might lose. If you don’t run, you’re guaranteed to lose." —Jesse Jackson
89. “Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine.” – Jack Ma
90. "The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm
going to press on." —Barack Obama
91. "Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly." —Langston Hughes
92. “Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about
what makes the Universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do
and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up." —Stephen Hawking
93. “Don’t give up. I believe in you all. A person’s a person. No matter how small.” —Dr. Suess
94. “To conquer frustration, one must remain intensely focused on the outcome, not the obstacles.”– T.F. Hodge
95. "Don't give up,  'cos you have friends,  don't give up,  you're not beaten yet,  don't give up , I know you can
make it good." —Peter Gabriel
96. Tough times never last, but tough people do." —Robert. H. Schuller
97. “Courage doesn’t always roar, sometimes it’s the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering ‘I will try again
tomorrow’.” —Mary Anne Radmacher
98. "On one hand, we know that everything happens for a reason, and there are no mistakes or coincidences. On the
other hand, we learn that we can never give up, knowing that with the right tools and energy, we can reverse any decree
or karma. So, which is it? Let the Light decide, or never give up? The answer is: both." —Yehuda Berg
99. "Every master was once a disaster." —T.S. Wood
100. "No one has the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them." —Maeve Grayson
